With the strengthening of our motivation of the Bodhicata, taking on all living beings,
and with that contrast, then we again had the great opportunity to follow the teaching of
Nghurapayama Sambha, vertically practicing on Nghurapayama Sambha, being in his versions,
and as well as in the lala of his entire assembly. We tried to follow step by step
with the great instructions, and with the instructions that we received, and it's one
of the great opportunities and great times that we all had together. And with that, beautiful
memories
and beautiful time, and as well also set beautiful legacy and kind of plans for the future,
and to benefit, to activate that practice in our heart and mind, and then benefit for others,
kind of having those spiritual motivations taught, trying to kind of sizzling in the heart and mind
,
and then again we follow with this instruction.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The essential fuel to practice and continue to bring the growth is devotion and joyful effort
and both each other. This we all need. This devotion and both each other's joyful effort
is like, again, is like fuel. It's like, it's vitality. It is central column. It is foundation
to do practices. Without this strong and firm and continually renewing that every time,
our practice and our meditation, our beautiful goal not always goes smooth. It almost sometimes
started with excitement and enthusiasm, but then it's fading away, fading away,
lose the state. And what happened many times, kind of feel that we're depressed, all kind of lost
it,
all that happened because lack of the devotion, joyful effort, and both each other. Therefore,
as we all have this beautiful motivation of devotion, both each other, joyful effort,
that's what you all gathered here, we all here, and continually to inspire that with practice,
meditation, with the teachings, with that inspired, continually one after another. And
every day, then our practice really always glowing, shining, beautiful, and moving forward,
then we will be reverted by our effort. And our practices, we will be joy from the joy to the joy.
Happy to the happy, and then reach the final goal of the enlightenment. So therefore, we should
always kind of, this is the basic things. Devotion and both each other and joyful effort looks like
,
but it is the really central column, fuel and foundation, and we always remember that to each
of us and to continue more, and we like to bring the result and the growth of what we set for this
journey.
We all have that. We all have that. That's why we gathered here. Therefore, recognizing that
goal and glorifying and honoring, rejoicing of that and inspiring, and then continuing more,
this is generally known as the being practitioner, being good practitioners.
That's why we read in the Gurdw as teaching in this book, or which you read repeatedly,
one after another. He made it so many times that again and again. This is always touch to the basic
foundation. Again, even though he has highest realization, he is a Buddha, but yet he's teaching,
always touch back to the foundation, basic things. That's what really we have to grow
and deepen our practice and then fulfill our goals.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And this is, again, the Buddha Shakyamuni said, again, of course,
Buddha taught that it is the following teaching of the Buddha. Always Buddha taught that, and we
follow that teaching. One after another, it's devotion and joy and confidence, what we talk.
It's Buddha taught, reflected throughout the teachings. Even Buddha said, whoever remembering
Buddha with full confidence and feel the presence of the Buddha, Buddha, right? If whoever feels
the
presence of Buddha, the Buddha will sit right in front of them and will bless continually and
inspire support. This is the way to enter a blessing to our heart, mind. Blessing is,
is have to come, but we have to open ourself. This is generally every spiritual group says,
it's true. With all this, there's no aspirations, no joy. As we said, they did lead. I mean,
we can't really sometimes disappointment all that comes because lack of the devotion, joy of effort
,
and then both each other. Who will be the loser? Finally, the individual will be then
kind of almost victim of our own self.
We have this beautiful devotion, this foundation, then realization just blooms. It's just like
spring.
It's just like life. Effort comes so beautifully, so wonderfully. All that just has different
meaning, but it unfolds with the growth, the discovery. It comes one after another, and then
we bring the realization of the great zocchi, reaching beautiful goal and for all the beautiful
things in these lives. And that's what known as good practice is. We order to do that again. I mean
,
we talk about the devotion and both each other, and then we're going to put devotion as we said,
to this, to the Gaurabhama sambhava. Gaurabhama sambhava, import him into all Buddha, Dharma,
Sangha, Guru, Deva, Dakini, and Dharmapala. If we can't visualize all of these things,
we're going to bring one simple state as to Gaurabhama sambhava, who is the important member
of all the Buddhas. And for that reason, in many teachings said, the body of Gaurabhama sambhava
represents all the Sangha members. And the speech of Gaurabhama sambhava represents all the
teachings
of the Buddhas, all the teachings. And the Western mind represents the entire Buddhas of the 10
directions, three times, everything. So one single state, we see as Gaurabhama sambhava, and it
feels
strong connection and devotion, and then practice. And then, that's the simple way to connect it to
entirely the universe of the Buddha Mendalas and Mendalas of the three Gayas or three Jus.
- Thank you, Jared, and I'll answer.